= yelp

Very simple wrapper around the Yelp V2 API. Not meant to be comprehensive - I built this for an app I needed and thus only the parts of the API necessary. Please contribute other endpoints/rules if you require it.

Add new endpoints to the yelp/ directory.

== Usage

NOTE: This also supports using environment variables for each field prefixed with YELP (e.g. YELP_CONSUMER_SECRET). In other words, if you specify all four values you should not need to pass parameters to the constructor.

  require 'yelp'
  yelp = Yelp::Search.new(:consumer_key => key, 
                          :consumer_secret => sekret, 
                          :token => tokan, 
                          :token_secret => token_sekrat)
  yelp.find(:term => 'restaurants', :location => 'new york') # returns JSON object

== Contributing to yelp
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Rohan Deshpande. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

